WORK_SUMMARY.md, before:

# Work summary
A brief overview of the work done for this assignment so far.

### Process
Procedure
1. Define the problem
2. Define solution requirements
3. Conduct market research
4. Reevaluate solution requirements
5. Come up with UI/UX design
6. Write test cases (TDD)
7. Implement
8. Iterate and improve

### Accomplishments
1. Created a git repo
2. Setup simple project workspace with yarn from scratch. This entire project so far is from scratch.
3. Created a front end build process and setup configurations using Webpack, Babel, Sass, Docker, and Eslint
4. Created a basic React "Hello world" application to verify build process
5. Set up Jest and Enzyme to ensure that I could test my components later on and even begin doing some basic TDD
6. Conducted market research for a design system and chose Material UI for popularity, community support, and ease of use. Time to market was the main driving force behind using a design system.
7. Included Material UI as a dependency of this project and created a simple UI shell to work with
8. Started to jot down some initial ideas of features that I could implement.
9. Completed some basic TDD
10. Updated navigational components of the UI shell to reflect initial ideas. Included react-router-dom package to support hash routing
11. Included GraphiQL to make traversing api easier with introspection. It was very  easy to framiliarize myself with the api because of this. It also makes testing queries easy.
12. Created my first component to display GraphQL data. The component displays countries in a table along with their emoji's. It handles errors and loading states appropriately.

### TODO
- Flush out the design for list/grid views. I should probably reconsider main navigation and turn it into [Continents, Countries, Languages].
- Add more routes to explore areas by continent > cities > languages
- Add functionality for favorites/random pages
- Add more tests
- consider using Parcel in the future for quicker project configuration

Commit message:

Created a random country page that chooses a random country and navigates the user after a given number of seconds

WORK_SUMMARY.md, after:

# Work summary
A brief overview of the work done for this assignment so far.

### Process
Procedure
1. Define the problem
2. Define solution requirements
3. Conduct market research
4. Reevaluate solution requirements
5. Come up with UI/UX design
6. Write test cases (TDD)
7. Implement
8. Iterate and improve

### Accomplishments
1. Created a git repo
2. Setup simple project workspace with yarn from scratch. This entire project so far is from scratch.
3. Created a front end build process and setup configurations using Webpack, Babel, Sass, Docker, and Eslint
4. Created a basic React "Hello world" application to verify build process
5. Set up Jest and Enzyme to ensure that I could test my components later on and even begin doing some basic TDD
6. Conducted market research for a design system and chose Material UI for popularity, community support, and ease of use. Time to market was the main driving force behind using a design system.
7. Included Material UI as a dependency of this project and created a simple UI shell to work with
8. Started to jot down some initial ideas of features that I could implement.
9. Completed some basic TDD
10. Updated navigational components of the UI shell to reflect initial ideas. Included react-router-dom package to support hash routing
11. Included GraphiQL to make traversing api easier with introspection. It was very  easy to framiliarize myself with the api because of this. It also makes testing queries easy.
12. Created my first component to display GraphQL data. The component displays countries in a table along with their emoji's. It handles errors and loading states appropriately.
13. Created a random country page that chooses a random country and navigates the user after a given number of seconds.

### TODO
- Flush out the design for list/grid views. I should probably reconsider main navigation and turn it into [Continents, Countries, Languages].
- Add more routes to explore areas by continent > cities > languages
- Add functionality for favorites/random pages
- Add more tests
- consider using Parcel in the future for quicker project configuration
